All right, Shane,
do you want to do an introduction of your
All right, Shane,
do you want to do an introduction of your
role and how long you've been on the team?
Yeah, so Shane, Shane,
I'm a response specialist based out of
Dublin and I am just shy a couple of days
short of nine years with the lens team.
Amazing.
And then just a little bit beyond just
the specialist,
but the response specialist,
but like the areas that you kind of are
responsible for.
Yeah.
So I deal with operational excellence for
Blake and Ian and in that is looking
after metrics, so daily metrics,
weekly metrics,
all that kind of stuff to figure out
where we need to deploy resources for the
coming week and how we're trending over.
All that if we're working towards our FY
goal for the year. So um,
a lot of a lot of my time is spent
looking at um current metrics.
Great. Awesome. Thanks, Shane. Claire.
Hi, I'm Claire.
I'm a response specialist based in Dublin
and I've been on the team just over six
years. Um,
currently my main focus is I'm the point
of contact for India,
so ensuring all requests are handled
within our seventy-two hour SLA.
Dealing with outside counsels,
search warrants,
court orders that were received from them.
I'm also point of contact for DSA and
working with Ian now on the evidence.
Great. Thank you so much, Claire.
And then Jocelyn.
Yeah, my name is Jessalyn.
I've been on the team three years this
month actually.
And one of my main focuses are is
operations in the US along with metrics,
but more focused just in the the US.
Great. Thanks, Jessalyn. All right.
So as I said today,
we're going to kind of go through your as
is state in CRM and in Power BI where you
render reports.
What I want to understand is sort of as
you're going through an example here,
right, so.
How you look through the queue and and to
Jane, Claire and Jocelyn, right?
When you're looking at it,
how do you change the view to see the
information you need and what is
important for you to find once you've got
that view provided to you?
So it's really up to anyone who wants to
share first,
but we can start with whomever wants to
go and has their tooling up and ready.
I will need to just swap over to my song
machine,
so give me two seconds if someone else
wants to jump in there first.
OK.
I can.
Great. Thanks, Jocelyn.
Um, so I have a CRM open right now.
Do I just share my screen? OK, it's.
Yes, please.
I'll just leave it where it's on looking
at my queue.
Can everyone see that?
Yes.
OK,
should I just go into like a random
request?
Actually,
I want to know what did you do to create
this view and what are the criteria to
make sure that the cases that you see
here are what you wanted to see?
Like is there I guess one of the steps
that you took to make this view?
I don't think I did anything for this
view exactly, but I go to queue items.
I think I know some people on the team go
to requests,
but when I look at queue items I know for
sure if a case has been.
Routed to me, not just placed in my queue,
but I guess assigned and I just go to
Mhm.
cases I'm working on and then the USGUSJT
fulfillment is the main queue that I work
out of.
What does JT stand for?
I don't actually know.
That might be a good question for Tracy.
US jurisdiction team.
Thank you.
Got it. Thank you.
And then cases I'm working on.
So you said that that that's like a
default view that just is created for
everyone.
Is there anything you've done to it to
modify it to make it look like provide
you the information you need on the cases
that you see in this list?
Not for this view exactly.
I just work out it out of it as it is
because it shows me the request number
and the title,
which is really what I want to see when
I'm kind of looking at the cases that are
assigned to me.
Got it.
Could you walk through a title and just
let me know what you're picking out or
what you're reading and understanding
from the title?
So when it's assigned to me or I grab it,
it typically starts at this plus plus
area. I've added these notes,
but when I see the the date,
so this is around the date that it's due,
it's I can see the the jurisdiction,
so it's.
This is a state search warrant along with
the the type of request.
I can see that the there's no NDO,
so it's an ascent,
it's been tagged as enterprise and then
that there's preservation.
So,
so as you're looking through the the list
here that are cases you're working on,
were all of these sent like assigned like
someone sent it to you, Jessalyn,
or did you also do some like selection or
picking from the queue?
For all of these, if actually it's both,
half of these have been assigned to me.
We're kind of doing an enterprise hack
right now.
So normally all of the enterprise cases
that have been assigned to me I will keep,
but right now we're only.
Keeping the ones that meet an escalation
criteria for our attorneys.
So the rest it like half of these have
been assigned to me because they need to
be escalated and then the other half I
have grabbed from the enterprise queue.
Got it.
And how do you find out like what you're
supposed to be working on this week?
Like in that example where you said, OK,
I know there's an enterprise hack and I
need to make sure that I only work on the
enterprise cases that meet a certain
threshold or need attorney escalation.
Sorry.
Normally we're going based off of metrics
Um and normally I am still am working
within enterprise Um.
So for like this week I know I will be
focusing on enterprise Um.
My top priority is checking to see if the
case,
if a request needs to be escalated to the
attorneys, it meets that criteria.
And then if I'm caught up with those
cases,
I'm going back into the enterprise queue.
And grabbing the oldest ones.
Got it. OK. And then you said earlier,
so I caught the word metrics. How,
how do you calculate those metrics?
Shane has built out like pivot tables
based off of Power BI and then CRM itself.
So we go based off of that focusing on
like federal cases, CE,
state and local and then just like the
overall oldest.
Um, along with Enterprise and Azure.
Got it? Makes sense.
And when you say oldest,
could you specify which date you look at
when you're looking for the oldest ticket
or case?
Right now it's the requested due date.
Requested. Got it. OK.
Are there any other key dates you're
looking for, Jocelyn?
If the if we're in, I guess a good state,
I'll look at the the cases that have been
received 1st and then go down from there.
So like a first in,
first out kind of thing.
Got it.
That will be the original received date,
Lisa, in CRM that we go by.
Uh, yes.
OK,
the received date is the date which just
correct me if I'm wrong,
is the date which Triage moves the ticket
to fulfillment for starting work on.
No,
it's the date that law enforcement
No.
Yeah, OK.
submitted on.
Uh, OK, got it.
So I had I had a question about all those
dates.
So there is the official law enforcement
submitted us submitted to us date there's
does does it matter on metrics Shane or
Jessalyn,
whomever when when the ticket moves from
triage into.
Q into one of your queues for fulfillment.
Currently no,
but it will affect that because um women
are looking into this at the moment and
they were to send you a list of
requirements with this as well.
So where we would need that date is if we
look at future state in the evidence,
we have 10 days response to that request.
So we want to know how long from the
moment it was received.
How long was it in triage?
Then how long was it assigned to a user
so that we can then look at any potential
bottlenecks in our system and see where
do we need to improve efficiencies on.
So what would start likely start to do is
Right.
say triage would allow for two days,
then it would and it would move on.
Mm.
So there should be timestamps every time
that it moves,
but that's something that Wimmer can then
pull into the power of BI once it's once
it's in place.
Yeah, OK.
How frequently would you be checking for
that, Shane?
Currently we we're not.
We don't have that in the Power BI to do
that timestamps.
I know Tracy did try to bring in
Mm.
implement something there a few years ago
where we'd have a timeline of a case in
CRM,
but just people just weren't using it,
so at least.
If it's captured automatically in the
system,
users wouldn't have to do that and we
would have access to that data that would
Yeah.
allow for operational decisions.
Got it. OK, great.
And then I know that in when I went
through triage,
the triage process with the triage team
IP House, right,
they said that some of the cases while
they're triaging,
they go through a QC phase.
Would you consider hitting that first QC
phase like Triage completed or you're
really calling Triage done when they've
even finished QC and they felt like sent
it off or assigned it to someone in
fulfillment?
I would count triage as complete at the
moment it leaves the triage queue to the
fulfillment queue. Um,
if it's still sitting there for a QC.
So if it's a new person that's triaging
and they're getting their work QC,
Mhm.
that's still sitting in triage.
So it was would have to because that's
Got it.
taking away from the fulfillment days.
Makes sense. Treat. Yeah.
Yeah, sorry.
I think Tracy has a question there.
No, it's all right.
Did you just want to go through
operational and do regulation later or
what's your preference?
If the regulation helps me understand
operational, we we can add that context.
Tracy,
if you want to add that in as a note.
OK. Yeah,
I was just gonna say the the things that
we have to track are the original
received date.
So that's whenever when it was submitted,
we have to,
Right.
we have to track when they got the auto
response stating.
That we've received it today,
that's nothing we have to worry about
tracking because they get an e-mail
response already.
So we're using that as our auto response.
So if that change,
Mhm.
we're we're basically saying you get an
auto response. We don't.
It's not something separate we're
tracking.
Should that change then I would need to
track when we sent an auto response.
And then I have to track when a case is
closed for the first time. So what?
This is where it gets a little weird.
So we're tracking basically how long it
took to respond.
Mhm.
So that closure date is what we usually
use as a response date.
As we move forward and we know we start
doing, you know,
partial publishes and we're able to track
other things.
I would like to explore what my options
are for that reporting.
But at the moment,
it's that first closure date we're using
for when the case was resolved.
OK.
Can I just add to that as well?
So currently the first resolve date is
resolved based on the response specialist
location.
So in the emergency scenario we can have
an original received date of the 30th of
March, but if.
I received that emergency and I closed it
out early in the morning.
My morning it would actually default to
the 29th of March.
Am I right in saying that, Tracy?
You are correct.
If it comes in and we log it in PST and
the person is in GMT,
it was finished before it was opened.
Yeah.
So as long as we have Universal Standard
Time on everything, I'm happy.
Yeah.
Yeah, uh.
Perfect. Yeah,
no UTC across the board on everything.
Yeah, yeah. So that that's the goal.
Even in the UX, right with DARS,
we're going to show everything in GMT or
UTC time and then everything gets logged
in UTC time. So,
so everything's just standard that that
OK.
date.
So there's no mapping that has to happen,
you know, very technical term mapping.
All right. OK. Thank you for that contact,
Shane and Tracy. Jessalyn,
I before we move off with this view,
right and and to look,
is there any other cues you look at?
Um.
Daily. Typically no.
I'm working out of this out of the USJT
fulfillment queue and then what I'm
assigned on.
But if I need to go and grab or pick a
case,
Mhm.
I just go here and I'll go to these
individual queues.
That other people have made as views.
OK. Do you mind, um,
like just talking out loud for notes,
like which of the cues that you're going
into?
Yes. So right now the Enterrise queue.
If.
These are cases that don't meet that
escalation threshold,
so they're put back in the queue for us
to grab.
Mm-hmm.
If I'm caught up on the enterprise side,
I'll jump into the federal queue.
CEQ and then overall cases available to
work on.
Kye.
I see that some of them on the cases
available to work on,
some of them have an assigned to person.
Is that just a leftover artifact from
Triage?
To my understanding, yes,
like these are still up for grabs.
Got it. OK. Is that the order that you?
Oh, go ahead, Shane.
So.
The what the Power BI pulls on is the
worked by field.
So when a user selects that,
selects a case and picks it,
Uh.
the worked by will update to their name
and that's when a person will get the
credit for that case.
Got it. OK.
So does that mean we're usually not
changing the assigned to field Shane and
Sagram or people in general?
The assigned to will update to the same
as the worked by when someone has picked
their request,
but in these scenarios someone has worked
on them and triage them and when they
routed them back to this queue it removed
the worked by so that they can then be
picked by the response specialist to
complete it.
So the assigned to is just a carry over,
but what calculated is the.
Marked by is the one that that's that
gives the person the credit to do that
case.
But there is certain scenarios that we
Right.
would like to track moving forward if
someone works on a case but may not bring
it to the conclusion.
Mhm.
So if Jessalyn looks at a case that's
enterprise, potential enterprise impacted,
but after doing all her analysis,
she realized that it's not enterprise
impacted,
she'll add that back to the queue for
someone else to come along and pick that
case up then.
Complete it.
But what we would like to be able to
track is Jessalyn also worked on that
case.
So is there a way that we can calculate a
metric on that?
And that's why we would like to record
those timestamps of every time a case
moves and who was working on it.
So that Wimmer can then build this into
the reporting power BI that will come
with the DARA system to say Jess and
might have completed 200 requests,
but she's worked on 350 over that month.
Mhm.
Is that the metric you're looking for?
Is just the count of the cases that the
person's worked on, Shane?
We would need to know how many was
completed,
but also how many were worked on and from
an Azure point of view as well.
OK.
Ah, got it. OK,
how frequently are you running the worked
on report?
We we can't do that at the moment.
Oh, you can't. Well, OK. Ideally, what?
How often would you like to run it?
No, no.
It would like to just be updated straight
into the reporting requirements.
It would just pull straight from the DARS
database into it because the the task
that we're struggling with at the moment
and Jesse will see this from the US side
from an enterprise is that when it comes
to connect season.
We could say that I've completed say 20
Azure requests,
but I may have done Azure checks on 2 or
300 requests,
but they just were not Azure impacted.
So what OPS management are looking for is
that how many requests did I actually
work on and out of that what percentage
of them were?
Azure.
Um, I I I know this is gonna be uh uh.
Since the report doesn't exist yet,
I wouldn't understand like what qualifies
Yeah.
as worked on, right?
Especially since you like you said Shane,
right?
Just because a case is assigned to
Jessalyn,
let's say Claire is helping on the case,
right? And then how do you know?
The amount of like is there like a
threshold that you would say like oh that
disqualifies that Claire contributed to
working on this case? Like how would you?
And if you can't answer right now,
that's fine Shane,
because I know it's not,
it doesn't exist yet,
but it would be I would want to
understand like.
What are the what I'll call signals to us
that we should track Claire as a
contributor, right?
Yeah,
we haven't talked through at the moment,
but the way I think it should work is
that if a request is routed to a person,
so the work by gets updated to them and
then so if Claire works and then she
writes it back to Jessalyn,
Jessalyn become the work by so we'll be
able to track who was.
Working on a case at every any given time.
OK.
So does that that concept of working
worked on by someone,
it does transfer from a person to another
person in the in CRM today it sounds like
right or no, yeah.
Route the case,
I can select or want to change it to a
different queue and that would remove the
worked by or I can route it to a
Yeah.
particular person. So in that scenario,
if I wanted Jessalyn to work on a US case
Yeah, yeah.
with me,
then once I've done my part of it,
I'd route it to Jessalyn.
So when she goes in,
she'd see it and when she does whatever
she needs to do,
she would route it back to me.
But it will stay in the same queue.
Got it.
Is there a situation where two people are
working on it or more than one person is
working on a case at the same time?
No, not really.
Oh, Jess,
unless I've missed that in there, have I?
So they may not be working on it at the
same time,
Or Tracy?
but definitely like a response specialist
will be in there doing something and a
manager will be in there making some
notes or handling an escalation.
An attorney and a response specialist may
both be working on something at the same
time.
And that's something we haven't really
Mhm.
talked about yet either is how we're
going to track all.
Yeah.
all the attorney work and the metrics for
them. So, you know,
tracking the things that they do. So,
but two response specialists at once,
I don't think so.
No, not to my understanding either.
Would that be the case?
Got it.
You can always count on me to be,
you know, argumentative,
but I think for that one I I can,
I can agree that I don't think so.
OK, good. No,
that's that's great because if if if two
people of the same role, right,
aren't aren't ever working at the same
time,
I think it would be a lot easier to us to
to track like the the worked on period of
time and also the person working on it,
right. But if it's two people.
Of different roles then we could try to
create like like swim lanes of different
working on metrics, right?
And maybe we we it's not like it's
impossible if two people are working on
the same time within the same role,
it's just an extra.
Complexity that we need to plan for,
right? So that's why I asked the question.
Great. OK,
then I think I have an understanding,
Jocelyn,
of like here are the cues you're working
out of when you're able to pick up work.
Can you show me how you would?
Ick something from one of these queues if
you could ick something from this queue.
Yeah, so if I were to grab this one,
I would just pick the request so it stays
in the USJT queue,
but it'll like the work by field will be
mine and it'll show up in my view.
Got it.
Is that is there a reason why it needs to
stay in queue and not move out of the
queue and go into your cases worked on
queue?
For tracking.
So it I believe it like it could be taken
out of this queue and like put into like
quote UN quote my queue,
but cases have kind of gotten lost in the
ether.
That way,
so keeping it in the USJTQ if it like
Uh.
needs to be released or anything,
just for better tracking.
So could I ask the question,
is this what your guys are doing just
because of this weird like lost into
ether bug or are is this what your ideal
operational flow should be?
I guess. What's the preference? Jocelyn,
Shane, Claire, Yeah.
Um, I'm just. I mean,
I'm used to this I guess.
So this is just what has been working for
me. Um.
I don't know what the anyone else has to
say.
Ideally,
no one would have their own personal cue.
Hmm.
We should all be working out the same
queue.
It just means that no case are going to
get lost because as Jessica said,
what we found in the past is that if I
pick a request or it gets routed to me,
it's not done correctly.
If it gets assigned to me rather than
routed, what happens is we'll go to my.
Shane will be queue,
but no one ever will check that queue for
reporting requirements.
It's not a queue that we can pull on,
so I can't go in in CRM and find out
what's in Justin's queue and pull it.
So the way we're able to identify these
cases are the Power BI will actually show
if something is out of the queue at the
moment.
It will take a bit of filtering to do it,
but we can.
Find them that way,
but cases should always be in the correct
queue,
whether it's a triage queue or a
fulfillment queue.
And that the personal cues should be gone.
So,
so if I were to reframe the queue concept
here,
it sounds like you're using it to
understand what stage the case is in,
right? Like if it's in triage with triage,
still the triage queue informs you that
the case is still being triaged and then
the same for fulfillment like.
I think sitting in FTEUSJT fulfillment
lets you know that it's still being
worked on in fulfillment. Oh, or it, yeah.
Yes.
It's still active depending on the view
you have set.
Mhm.
So it's case available to work on the
work by be blank meaning that anyone
could select it.
If it's all case available and select a
queue then you will see the ones that are
have been picked up plus ones that
haven't been picked up.
But what they will show you is an all all
act of in that queue,
regardless of whether it's being worked
on or not being worked on.
Got it. Thanks, Shane. And Tracy,
you've got your hand up.
So one thing that's different about
queues as well is today they are also
used for how many are currently there.
So while the Power BI is there as well,
I know a lot of managers both at at IPS
and FTES,
it's faster to look in the in the actual
queue and and just do a quick look.
So part of it could be breaking of the
habit and using this new, you know,
the new metric skill.
But I just want to make sure that queues
are also like they're filtering on case
titles.
They're looking at when it came in.
So the the entered queue date,
they're looking at a lot of the different
columns.
Not just how many are in there currently.
And then I just wanted to reiterate
something Shane said about the personal
cues.
Personal cues are the bane of existence.
They stuff will get stuck in there and
you don't know it's there and it's
currently just an error in CRM.
Stuff will get accidentally routed there
by and it's just and it's something.
We can't get rid of either.
It's just a built in CRM thing,
so no no hidden queues would be fabulous.
Yep.
The other thing about queues is they will
run metrics on how many pass through a
particular queue.
So those are a lot of those questions.
I definitely would like to get IP House
on the line with you to see how they're
using queues for a lot of their metrics
and how they're how they're doing certain
Mhm.
things.
Um.
Oh, shoot.
There was one more thing I was gonna say
and I spaced it. I'll come back to it.
Thank you.
Thanks, Tracy.
So if I look at this queue right now,
I see that there's 59 row rows.
Is that how you would know that there's
59 cases currently available to work on
active cases?
Mhm.
Yeah.
OK. All right.
And then when you're when you're looking
in this queue view,
I'm assuming you're checking all day then,
right,
to see how many cases are in the queue
available to work on. I don't. Yeah,
I I just want to kind of understand like
how frequently are you coming in here and
checking like, OK, we've got 15.
9 Now oh,
all of a sudden we got a surge and
there's like 100 in here and like,
is there like a period that you're
checking or is it just sort of like ad
hoc or random?
Pretty much like as needed.
So metrics are pulled on Mondays,
but I probably check like this queue once
or twice a day,
both for like if I want to just go in and
grab a case and also just to kind of see
where we're at in the morning.
Versus in the afternoon.
Got it. OK.
Are you writing these or or logging these
numbers somewhere, Jessalyn?
Like if if you start,
you start with 59 in the morning and then
let's say at the end of the day it it
bumped up to like 100.
Are you counting the difference somewhere?
Right now, no,
it's just from the metrics pulled on on
Monday.
OK, got it.
Is there any difference like Shane,
Claire for for you all?
No, not a huge difference.
I could be checking this at any time
during the day.
It's just whenever he might ask a
question,
depending on what he's working on,
he might just pop his head out and say
what what we have at a certain point in
Got it.
time. But other than that,
we track it weekly as well.
Correct.
Yeah.
And then teacher. Oh, go ahead, Claire.
I would.
Sorry,
I was gonna say I would tend to check the
India queue a couple of times a day
because we've a shorter turn around time
of 72 hours. So if a surge comes in,
I would be in contact with IPH just to
see if they're OK fulfilling those
numbers.
Got it. OK.
Would you roughly estimate that like to
be like three to four times a day then,
Claire?
Yeah, I check in the morning,
probably around lunchtime when I'm back
from lunch and before I log off to know
again if they've got the capacity to
fulfill them.
Got it. OK.
And then is there like a number that
you're looking for that makes you
concerned and then then you're checking
with IP House?
Yeah,
I I would kind of have rough numbers in
my head because I know there's maybe two
or three on fulfillment.
So I would kind of have an estimate of
what I think they can do in the day or
I'd be looking at the original received
data that they came in on because if it
came in on a Friday evening when everyone
was offline.
They have to be done by the Monday
morning due to the 72 RSLA,
so it's numbers and dates I'm watching.
Got it. OK.
Thanks, Claire.
Anything else about this queue or view of
all cases?
No, I I think that's it, yeah.
OK. Is there any other like columns?
I I see that you can add like columns.
Are you guys?
Is there anything here missing that you
need to know?
Um.
I think it depends on the person.
Mine's mine.
Mhm.
I I've completely changed mine as to what
I need and I think managers are the same.
I'm so.
The I mean ideally there would have the
requested due date between like the title
and the worked buyer somewhere in the
beginning.
But this since this is just kind of like
the generic queue that we're working out
of, I haven't like tweaked it so,
but ideally the requested due date would
be here.
Got it.
One other thing that we've been asked for
a lot and and whether it's from Ian or
Sir.
Blake is jurisdiction.
Is this a state or local request or is it
a federal request and that would
obviously determine priority then?
Got it.
Tracy mentioned earlier that you'd filter
this queue.
Like what are you filtering on when you
filter through this queue?
I mean I have the like enterprise queue
here,
but if I wanted just to call out like the
enterprise cases or potential enterprise
requests,
I could do that by like the title marker
here.
Or.
If I added the the jurisdiction filter,
then use that to determine like the
federal versus state and local requests.
Mhm.
What about due date?
Oh, and due date.
OK, so you're.
I just want to say another thing that we
we look at and Jessalyn kind of mentioned
there filter into a a C view is that
nature of the crime is important as well.
Mhm.
So we rank different crime types higher
than other ones.
We can see this from the Power BI is
where we generally get that that from.
It's the easiest way of doing it,
but there's seven crime types that we
would rank higher than other crime types,
so we would start to work on those first.
Did you share those seven crime types in
in chat? Yeah.
Yeah,
I I think a screenshot from the paragraph
drop in the chat.
Great, perfect. Thanks Shane.
Anything else that ranks higher here?
I think I heard earlier Azure, right?
Is there any other like would that be
something you filter on here like the
services requested?
Yes, it is,
but we'd have a different view for it.
Um.
Yes.
Oh, I see.
Yeah. So if I wanted to, oh, sorry,
go ahead, Tracy.
Hello.
No, no, please.
I was gonna say like this is just kind of
the the catch all queue.
So everything's in here that's available
to work on.
But like if I wanted to go into a certain
focus area like I would go into like the
enterprise or Azure that way.
I know like all of these cases fall into
that.
That and I can instead of having to
filter, um,
I could just hop into these individual
like views.
Got it. OK.
And is so I I see there's the queue drop
down,
but there was that FTEUSJT fulfillment
drop down too.
Is that just a filter on the queue that
you're looking in?
This is the queue itself and then um,
this is like the tailored view.
It.
Oh, I see. Got it.
So what happens if you you're looking at
FTEUSJT fulfillment and then enterprise
queue would just show you everything
that's in the FTEUSJT fulfillment queue
that is enterprise?
Is that the way I should think about it?
Yes.
OK. And then all available cases,
is that like as as soon as I'm sorry,
like removing everything like you're not
looking for like because I see all
It's OK.
request items,
all open items like is there even a
broader cases available to work on signed
kind of view?
This one like these are active cases that
are that still need to be fulfilled and
then resolved.
But if like you wanted to see even like
requests that are being worked on so that
all up number.
There is a view in here somewhere. Um.
Could you stay? Yeah.
Could you stay on this for one second?
Yes.
Any of those things that you? Nope.
Go open that back up.
Oh.
But.
So anything you see with a little person
on it is something that someone created
Sorry.
Yeah.
for a specific purpose.
If it doesn't have that little head next
Mhm.
to it,
it's a default came with the system.
Oh, OK, got it.
Do you guys use the default ones at all?
Occasionally.
Oh yeah, like cases worked on.
I'm working on it and cases available to
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah,
cases I'm working on sometimes.
work on, right?
Not that a case has been like necessarily
lost,
but if I am unable to find it in any of
the like these other views,
I can go up to one or I can go to these
like all request items and then search by
Hello.
or filter by LN.
Nest number.
For all request items,
are there any other filters that you're
searching for, Jessalyn, ever?
If I'm going to all request items,
probably not.
I'm looking for like 1 sole case.
OK, got it.
Any any other different kind of search
searches you guys are all doing in here
when you're kind of trying to find
something amongst the many?
Straws of in the haystack.
The only other one that I would look at,
and it's very rare,
is that if someone assigns me a case
rather than writes me a case that if that
goes into my personal queue every so
often I would check requests assigned to
me and I'll change the queue to all
public queues and that was that I could
Hmm.
then see if someone has just assigned me
a case and not.
Told me about it.
I'm read it incorrectly and went into my
personal queue and then I would read it
back to the correct queue depending on
the requesting country and go in and pick
it then so that it's in the correct queue
and the work by updates to me. Um,
but that's a handy one just to check
every now and again to make sure that
that personal queue remains empty.
Yeah.
Thanks, Shane.
Anything else that you can kind of think
of anyone?
I'm just a just a pitch for getting rid
of queues entirely and just relying on
filters because things get lost,
they get moved, they're in the wrong spot.
Jessalynn can be working away,
nose to the grindstone,
but in a queue and someone's chucked a
bunch of stuff to her in another queue
means she has to go look elsewhere.
So anything that we can do to.
To, you know,
restrict the amounts of places you have
to execute your search from.
It does make for an unwieldy view list,
but so so just kind of trying to figure
out a way to make it easier to find what
you're looking for, really.
Right, right.
Like if you were to name your top five
views, then like what?
It sounds like QC you're working on,
right?
The idea of merging the concept of just
because that something is assigned to me,
it doesn't get lost into an assigned to
me queue,
but it's a view that shows everything,
right? Like.
Either a case you're working on or the
cases that have been assigned to you.
And then is there any other kind of like,
I'll call them pivots, right,
like a views that you would like to that
you're frequently kind of using?
The the other one then I'd rank then is
the all active or all act case and
selected queue.
And the reason for that is that Ian or
Blake might turn around and say how many
cases do we have for the UK?
Whereas if we look at cases available to
work on,
it will only show you the active ones
waiting to be picked up,
not the true number of what is the
overall active.
Cases. So we would then look at all cases,
all active cases in selected queue and
then we look at a particular jurisdiction.
So if so,
all active cases and selected queues
would be across all the stages, right?
Both triage and fulfillment? No. OK.
No, that would depend on the view.
That would depend on the queue you have.
So if we're looking at fulfillment and
we're looking at quarters and search
warrants, we look at the FTUSJT queue.
If we want to look at multiple queues,
then we could create a.
A view that points to different cues and
say all case available or all active
cases from a articular jurisdiction
across these cues.
Uh.
Do you mind clicking into that, Jessalyn,
the all active cases and selected queues
real quick?
I just want to see how it worked.
Yep.
Thank you.
Um.
It's not looking at triage either.
Mm.
So what what Ian might say is how many
active cases do we have from federal
agency, not counting triage.
Then we would have to look at all active
cases here,
bring in your jurisdiction as well,
filter on federal.
And that will be your true number of
what's active at this time.
That can be either being worked on or can
be worked on, not counting triage.
How long does it take to run the um uh
filtering?
It would only take a couple of minutes
because we would have these views already
created for us.
It's just a matter of going in and
Mm.
running them left.
Got it. OK.
Yeah.
And you need a fairly like what I will
call a live count, right?
Like you can't just be like a day's
behind worth of active requests.
Yeah. So currently that would be ideal.
It's pulling the metrics would be pulling
live from it and that's the aim that
women are working towards because
currently we have a four hour delay with
the Power BI and that's where Tracy was
mentioned earlier that certain managers
would always just look at CRM,
those that are more.
Used to see around would look at it
because this is the live number.
Yeah.
So what we want to do is build that
fabrics database that's going to pull
from the new DARS system and or we'd have
as close to to live data there as
possible that everyone could just use the
the Power BI.
Yeah, makes sense.
What's this entity recognition column?
Is that that old legal demand entity
extraction stuff?
Where are you seeing that?
Oh, in the column here we've got title,
work by queue, object, request number,
That that is something we looked at in
terms of the Gen.
and then entity recognition score.
AI project a couple of years ago and it
was to see.
Got it.
When it's Tracy,
correct me if I'm wrong here. The Gen.
AI system was scanned through the legal
demand and I will tell you how much of it
was accurate. So it was Jane 90 to 100%.
It's pulling the request information.
If it failed,
then it wouldn't pull certain fields from
the legal demand.
Sorry, I 100% tuned out. Sorry,
I got asked a question and I was
listening.
But before we got you talking about the
No worries.
entity recognition score. Yeah,
that's that's all entity extraction.
Yeah, what? What is that? OK.
Yeah.
You can get rid of it.
OK, cool. Awesome. I was like,
what is that supposed to be? Did I?
Sorry.
Yeah, it was the extraction.
I just wanted to make sure it. OK, well,
OK,
that takes us down our interesting path.
OK, we see title, we see work by,
we see queue country.
It sounds like we need jurisdiction in
here.
Potentially whether it's like a local,
federal, you know, state, et cetera.
Are there any other columns in here that
you would find important to see when
you're looking at the all active cases
and selected queues view?
The requested.
If we could add in original receipt.
Sorry, Jessalyn, go on.
Oh yeah, no, I agree with that.
And like the the requested due date too
as mentioned before.
Got it.
Is that pretty consistent then across all
Yeah.
these views, those those headers?
Pretty much, yeah.
With the this just a conversation that
Okay, great.
I've had with with Marco and women
recently is with the requested due date.
Other than the US and Brazil,
that field is never getting populated.
So what would be helpful would be is if
law enforcement give us a requested due
date, that's what goes in there.
And if they don't,
it defaults to a certain time frame.
So for the US would default to 14 days
from the original received date,
for the EU would default to 10 days from
the original received date.
Rest of the world will be say 14 days
from the original received date and what
on India will be 3 days.
So if they don't give us a requested due
date of say 3-4 or five days,
it would default to that jurisdictions
requested due date.
And what that would help then is allow us
to then process cases based off of that.
Is there any other defaults that that
that's our intent Shane is that for DARS,
if a due date's not specified by LE,
we would just create a system generated
due date.
Is there other ones that we should be
aware of then?
Um, other than the one she just, uh,
listed.
Like does Brazil have a different one or
is that similar to India's the three day
or 72 hour time frame?
Brazil, Tracy,
please jump in here if I'm wrong.
Brazil generally give them for a, say,
a court order,
a search warrant style legal demand.
And if they don't, it would go to 14 days.
So India will be the only one at three
days.
Guy. OK.
Got it. OK.
If you're asking basically out of just
what the defaults are, then yeah,
Yeah.
there's there's about four different
defaults.
I think depending there's other defaults
in other programs,
but I think 99% of them are easily
configured based on stuff coming in from
the Ali portal.
Got it.
And I don't is is is it?
Sorry and I'm leaning on you Tracy,
but or or and even Shane, right?
Does LE Portal let law enforcement set a
due date or a preferred due date?
No,
it does not and it never will because
Right now, no.
otherwise they're just going to put,
you know, now on everything. No,
OK.
Yeah.
it's it's determined based on
jurisdiction, country,
trying to think what else. There's a,
there's a couple other items I think
going forward.
You know, I mean there's a new ask,
there's we get requests in from France,
Germany and the UK,
which are technically emergencies,
but because they have a legal demand,
we we process them as an emergency,
but we don't set it as an emergency.
That's a whole request type conversation.
We can have another time.
Mhm.
But a lot of that everything is based on
on stuff coming out of the portal.
Got it. OK, makes sense. OK.
And then I'll since Passel's on the call
for programmatic side,
will they be providing us a due date or a
Yeah.
preferred due date or you know, whatever?
There's a not at the case level.
There's a deadline field on the tasks
itself and those deadlines can be
adjusted as well as part of the as part
OK.
of the issuing authority grounds for non
execution flow.
Got it. Thanks Faisal. Okey doke.
All right, I we've been 15 minutes in CRM.
Are there any other views or like queues
and or search?
Patterns that you guys want to share from
this, from from the this, this,
I guess from this area right now.
Like I said,
I do all of my reporting out of views.
I don't.
I don't use the Power BI at all because
that's tailored for OPS,
so I'm happy to have that conversation
OK.
OK, makes sense, Tracy. Thanks.
What about dashboards?
another time, so.
Yep.
Does anyone use dashboards or that's not
a thing?
They wanted to.
I personally don't.
Not from like my day-to-day.
Yeah, OK. And then.
When you say dashboards,
do you mean Power BI?
Is it this one?
Yeah, CRM has a yeah,
the CRM has like a little dashboards
Oh.
button and I'm just curious if anyone
uses it.
I know the HV team does.
No.
OK, all right.
And then I know I saw Jessalyn earlier
hover over you were hovering over request
service requests. What? What's that?
What are those two clicks for?
So on the the left hand menu you you.
There's my work and then there's service
requests and service NDO extensions.
What are those for?
That is for um the NDO extension that
they they come in as tasks.
I believe that's how they work through
them. Um IPH does.
Oh,
so they're like separate from a case you
get,
you get an NDO extension task kind of
Yes. So that's what they'll work out of.
But I believe we can still see cases that
like view then.
we're working on by going to request like
I know a few response specialists use
this view.
The reason I don't,
I don't think it's as like user friendly
as the queue items for me.
Like if I clicked here I couldn't release
this request from this view.
Oh, OK, got it.
Could you go in a little?
This is the first time I've heard the
word release.
So what is what is a release?
So if I was, I'll go back to my um.
how I'm working out of it. Let's see.
If I was assigned an enterprise request
like this one and it with our current hat
Mhm.
going on,
if it didn't meet the escalation criteria,
I would just highlight it and release it.
Back to the overall USJT fulfillment
queue.
That way when I go to cases available to
work on,
it would appear there and it wouldn't be
assigned to me.
In requests, though, to my understanding,
there's no way to do that.
Oh,
you can either assign to yourself or and
that's it.
It sounds like and resolve the request.
It looks like the two actions OK.
Mhm.
But I know some response specialists use
this view over queue items.
Have they shared why they're in this view
instead?
Not to me.
It's Q agnostic. It's Q agnostic.
That way you don't lose stuff.
Oh, yes.
Uh, OK, got it.
The request service is every single
request in every single queue across the
across the whole system.
Got it. OK.
And yeah,
all of that assign and release all those
And then is it?
functions were custom built so that they
could do them from those queue views.
Oh, I see.
Worked by as a custom field for as
actually it's not out-of-the-box.
Jocelyn,
if you could click my active request
general that carrot next to it.
I just wanted to see what other requests
sit there. So are these similar?
Like if there's a little person icon next
to it,
that means like someone created it and
shared it with the rest of the team and
then anything that doesn't have the
Yep.
people icon are.
Were they created or are they
out-of-the-box? How are these?
How did these exist here?
They should be out-of-the-box. That said,
I think they were made by engineering,
but in the back end, right?
That's why it doesn't have the little
Uh, OK.
person head because the person head is
the one made by users.
Uh.
Got it. OK.
And would there still be? Oh, sorry,
Justin.
Sorry, I got disconnected.
I'm gonna stop sharing real quick.
Well, Jocelyn tries to reconnect.
I wanted to ask the question of the idea
of.
Like a person created a a view,
let's say in the new world, right?
And then shares it with the rest of the
team.
Is that still something that we want to
carry over into DARS?
Is like the idea that these are custom
views I've created that I want to now
share with the rest of the team.
100%.
And there are are there ever views that
are like quote UN quote private.
Like I I all I I I want is to create this
view for me and I don't need to share
with everyone else. And yeah, OK.
Yep.
Yeah, there are. There's.
I do a lot of research projects for
various litigation, for example.
So I'll create a view to find all the
cases that are pertinent to a litigation
and the only people we share it with are
attorneys.
Got it. Makes sense.
So you wanna restrict like to a specific
target group then?
Yeah,
I think keeping default if I'm making a
view,
it's just me and then I can choose to
share it with groups, people,
individuals or you know, everybody.
Got it. OK, that makes sense.
And then from the OPS side, Shane, Claire,
Jessalyn,
are you guys in here creating new views
ever?
Yes.
OK.
Yep.
Yeah,
it depends on what it is that we want to
to look at. As Tracy said,
it'd be similar,
but if I want to just grab a certain set
of cases or for a certain date range,
I would,
I would do it here and then I'd pick who
I need to share with depending on that.
Because they're not saved like like the
queues are,
does that mean running running a search
against requests can take longer?
To to like return results.
Say that again.
Does does request like once you're in
this request view and you're trying to
create like a search for something like
let's say I got a list of five different
L and S numbers and I'm searching for
those five L and S numbers.
Does it take a while to like I I just
want to kind of understand like how long
does it take to like run the search and
return the results?
I mean, it depends on how, you know,
complicated your filters are.
If you're just looking for a single
request, it's usually in, you know,
3-4 seconds at most.
Got it.
It's generally fairly quick.
It depends if you want to export the data
and how much data you have in there.
Yeah, what's the um?
What's an example of the longest running
search you've ever had to run?
All four of you.
I mean,
I think I've I've gotten some that take,
you know, maybe 1520 seconds to populate,
but then the export is, you know,
could be up to 100,000 lines. So that's,
you know, taking some time,
but getting it to visually show inside,
it's usually no, no more than 30 seconds.
And that's what was,
was it like a historical search, Tracy?
You were trying to search for like
everything completed within a certain
time period, it sounds like.
But yeah,
you want to when doing transparency
reporting out of here, you know,
trying to search for all requests
received within the last six months,
it can be a little takes a little bit.
And just like I said,
the more the more complicated the
filtering for what I want to include,
the longer it takes, but.
Really it it's the one that takes time is
in identifiers, not requests,
because there's so many hundreds of
thousands of more of them.
Got it.
Any other long running examples of
searches? Claire, Jessalyn, Shane.
No, I think it's.
The only one I could think of as well was
the identifiers. Oh, sorry, Claire.
No, I was going to say the same thing,
Jess.
OK, identifiers. OK,
let's switch gears then.
We're at an hour in,
so could you run or give me an example of
for identifiers for when you're running
an identifier search?
What are the like standard like or
typical filters you're including for an
identifier search?
Or is it really just here's the
identifier value or string and I'm just
searching for that identifier?
Is that for me or anybody?
Anybody.
Yeah, I mean,
usually Triage is just searching for an
Yeah.
account to see all the other requests for
that account.
What is missing today is bulk.
I would love if when a request comes in,
every single account on that request is
automatically checked for any other legal
demand that is.
Come in for that account and provides a
set of information.
I'll leave that for what the response
specialists use, but for me personally,
I'm doing individual.
See how long it took for it to come up.
I'm looking for specific accounts I'm
looking for and this is where it gets
into the deeper level of inspection we
have to do. I have to sometimes go in and.
And say I need all accounts that start
with Tracy.
I need all accounts that were requested
by the New York DA.
I need all accounts that were et cetera,
et cetera, et cetera.
So it can sometimes it's all accounts on
a certain domain, all stuff like that.
How do you do a domain search?
Is it just like, yeah, go ahead.
I would, yeah, I would search in.
I would open the filter and do a search
for in or contains at whatever the domain
name is.
Is that for like for me to understand the
domain search?
Is that for enterprise cases?
Yeah, non non-standard, right?
I'm not going to look for all Outlook
accounts, for example. Of course,
now that I've said that,
I very well could be asked by the product
team, hey,
how many Outlook accounts have you had to
look up? So that's absolutely valid.
What else would help?
Another search that we do is if we have a
new new response questions we're
onboarding. If we do a training plan,
we start start them all on Sageus MSA,
then we go to Skype, then Xbox,
then OneDrive for example.
Is that we can create a view to say show
me every request,
every identifier where the identifier
type is Skype ID or e-mail address and
pull in the queue as well in this queue
where the identifier exists.
Mhm.
So what we can then say is, OK,
here's a list of five cases.
I can give that to a new person where I
know it's gonna just be a Skype ID and
that they can process that.
So we'd use it as well for training
purposes as well.
Would you ever use it for like active
assignment?
Like I I know I can.
I'll I'll like you said Skype ID.
I want to know all the cases that we
brand new cases we've gotten with Skype
ID in it.
Is that ever a a report that you guys are
running or are running? Yeah.
Yeah.
No,
because we could have a request that has
say 20 identifiers,
so it would create 20 lines here,
but it would just be one request.
Mm.
O That's why we don't use it for that for
that reason.
Is there another reason why you don't use
a identifier type searches for like
active cases?
What another another thing we do actually
is what I would do is I could run a
report here and say pull all the requests
where pull every active identifier and
then what I do is I do multiple different
pivot tables and then multiple different
polls.
And then I would say right where class
can pull these identifier types,
No.
Mm.
show me all the requests where the
identifier the account existence field
OK.
Stop.
With it.
equals no.
And then what I've then done is I've
compiled myself a list of all the NSU
cases, so the cases that I.
But.
So.
Know we'll be able to just close out
quickly where the identifier doesn't
exist, but in order to do that,
I have to look at multiple different
OK, the whole.
views and multiple different pivot tables
to get to that end result.
Because in here I can't pull in country
or I don't think I can pull in queue.
There's certain fields I can't pull in
the identifier section that I could pull
in the queue view or the request view.
Got it. Yeah. Is it?
It it sounds like not only.
So you can,
but it's a convoluted mess because of the
way CRM hosts business units and groups.
The only way to get to a request from the
Hmm.
identifier area is to go into your
filters and do add related entity and
then then you can go look and request.
So it's you can.
Hmm.
You can,
but it's a nightmare and there's much
easier ways to do it, right? For me,
for example,
Yeah.
if I pull if I have to know how many
identifiers across how many identifiers
that I get from Europe last year,
I can do that in here,
but I know the next question is how many
requests is that I'm gonna do it in the
Mhm.
same lookup right by adding that request.
Entity.
So I think with DARS it'll be a heck of a
lot easier because well,
they aren't split amongst all these
entities and such,
but that's that's generally why the the
Yeah.
the things that are restricted today are
restricted because that's how CRM works.
Got it.
Got it. OK,
but what I'm hearing is ideally not only
do I need to know the like whatever
filters I'm using to find the identifiers.
Once I get that identifier list,
I want to know how many cases or requests
do these identifiers like map to or link
to, right?
That's the big one, yeah.
And like for for, I think for Triage,
it's that direct link cause they're
looking for,
do we have a preservation on this case?
Oh,
I need to go grab that preservation for
this one, right? So there's tons of work,
especially in the NDO space,
in the preservation extension space,
they're having to do searches and take
actions on the requests where those
identifiers come.
From.
So to kind of take an extra step back,
so we're looking at identifiers to see
all the.
Cases that identifier is a a part of
right or linked to right both new ones
and old existing ones.
Is there like kind of a cut off on the
old existing ones or it doesn't matter
like from from like from the beginning of
time till now?
Like so if I'm.
For me, it's beginning of time, yeah.
But I think for a response specialist it
would. I no, actually there isn't.
Now that I'm, I'm sorry,
I had to work it through my head a little
faster than I did my mouth.
The I think like even if you were doing
preservation extensions, right? Well,
I'm only going to extend it if it was
received in the last 90 days.
It could be, you know, 3-4 extensions in,
so it could be older. So yeah, I,
Jessalyn, Claire, please speak up,
but I think you have to look at
everything.
Yes,
it it'll show like all resolved and any
Mm.
open.
Is that what you see right now?
Like if you if you clicked into that
first identifier, Jessalyn Alfonso,
does it tell you all the cases it's in or
what does it do? I'm just curious.
Typically I'll I'll search for an
identifier here and then it'll generate a
list of anything with that identifier.
Or if we need like on the enterprise side
for a domain,
it would be like the asterisk symbol and
then the domain name to pull anything
with that domain.
Got it.
So if I click into an identifier right
now in this table,
it doesn't show me all the cases it's
part of.
Yeah, it should actually.
I guess if I clicked here.
And then I think you have to go to
related and then requests.
I think there is a way to get to it,
Lauren, if I just don't remember how.
OK, no, no,
I'm just kind of curious like what what
exists as a a view already about the
identifier, but if it doesn't exist,
that's that's fine,
we can fix for that so.
You could.
There, I know some. Oh, go ahead, Shane.
No, no.
I was just gonna say that I know some
response specialists have like customized
their identifier view and saved that view.
Mine I believe is is that way.
You could create a view in here to say
where this identifier and say
shane@microsoft.
com shows up and you could pull in a
column request number and it will list
out.
So if we're list out all the LNS numbers.
But that that is in.
If it shows up multiple times and say one
I did one request,
that request will show up multiple times,
but you could easily just extract and DJ,
but I'll tell you.
Yeah,
that sounds like a lot of extra steps for
you all.
So I'm hoping that we can try to get rid
Yeah.
of that. Claire, you've got your hand up.
Yeah,
I was just gonna say we would use the
identifier search quite a lot for India
because there's multiple bomb threats.
So the suspect would create an e-mail
address and they'd send 20 threats out
and then we'd get that in 20 times and
sometimes it could be from the same LE or.
Could be tied to different L and S like
same L and S number could have the same
identifier,
so we would use the identifier search
quite a lot.
Makes sense, Claire,
when you're when you're running that
search for an identifier for the India
cases,
does that mean that you're looking at
that like an additional column here that
shows you like when it was received by so
you can see how close in time the all of
the L and S numbers came in?
Yeah, depending on the number,
we'd go in and add them individually or
we can pull in the date and time or the L
and S depending on kind of what the
attorneys are looking for at the time or
the Outlook team are looking forward to
see how close they were submitted.
Gotcha.
Is there anything else that you all can
kind of recollect or think of from the
identifier search?
No, enough for me.
No, I think that's everything.
Got it.
Yeah, that's pretty much it for me too.
Yeah.
So um,
earlier I heard that on identifier search.
It doesn't matter what type of request
that L identifier or I I let me reframe
that. I wouldn't say it doesn't matter,
but it does.
You do want to know whether or not the
case was a preservation request or a
disclosure request and or a real time.
Requests, right.
I I think that that's another dimension
that you're curious about for the cases
returned. Is that a fair statement?
Yes.
Mhm.
And what do you do with that information?
Like if it the identifiers related to
like an active case or like preservation.
Mhm.
Uh, it depends on the request.
So like for consumer requests, um.
The response specialist I believe is
mainly just checking for preservation and
seeing if that preservation still has
data in it,
or if it's in progress or if it's
complete and the data is still there on
the enterprise side.
We're checking like if it has to be
escalated to the attorneys,
they'd like a list of the like related
LNS numbers to the the domain or the the
e-mail specifically.
Got it.
Not including preservations going to the
attorneys,
but if there was like a previous search
warrant that they already provided
guidance on, we would list that for them.
Got it.
I want to flip this idea if you do find
an A previous case,
let's say a preservation case that still
contains data held.
Is it just a?
Even if there's data held there,
what does that information provide to you?
Like Jessalyn?
Is it because you're going to reuse that
data?
Are you going to copy that data over to
the new requests?
I I just wanted to understand like what
is the intent of knowing that information?
And.
So I'll use like if I was just assigned
an enterprise case,
if there's preservation,
it most likely hasn't been imported over
yet. But like if it's a CE case,
we are going to give that preservation.
So we would import it over to the current
LNS if the preservation has already been
closed and everything,
and then redact that data to fit the
legal demand.
Got it. OK.
What sort of reduction happens?
Is it just the time frame that gets
redacted?
Time frame or if they're asking for if
it's like a court order,
we are going to pull the I guess the
content out of the e-mail using the
cropper tool.
Got it. OK.
Any other um?
Data kind of import feedback here,
Claire or Shane?
Does the same thing happen in the other
countries?
Yeah, we do the same thing.
If I press data,
we'd have to crop it down.
Yeah, we'd we'd have to. Sorry, one Tracy.
I think.
Nope.
I'll just say I think the other workflow
is NDO's besides preservations that
they're looking for.
Yeah.
OK.
And then um.
For the other um.
Like so it sounds like we can use
existing preserved data for a new case as
long as it is available.
And when you say import, can you sorry,
I'm gonna,
I'm gonna needle in on this word. I don't,
I don't know what import means.
Like what are you doing to import the the
data over?
Are you opening like Azure Storage
Explorer? Yeah.
That's.
Yes.
So if not really I guess on the
enterprise side, but the consumer side,
if during the triage stage handled by IPH,
if the preservation is completed,
they will.
Import the data into the current request
for the response specialist.
So the preservation is complete.
IPH is triaging.
They noted all of the related
preservation requests.
They'll pull that data in and put it in.
Like a do not disclose folder. Um.
And then we can redact based on that.
Got it. OK,
so they're they're opening the old
storage explorer for the preservation
case,
then copying over the the files into the
new case,
but in a folder called Do not disclose
because it still requires A specialist,
a response specialist to go through and
redact that information.
Yes.
before they disclose or deliver to LE.
Yes.
OK, Tracy or anyone. So from a like.
Automation side,
would you guys want that automatically
copied over and then still allow for that
redaction step or like if I if we're
going to front load all this right?
Like hey, I've got this identifier,
the system's going to go ahead and check
to see if there's an existing case.
Already for that identifier with existing
content stored, right?
And let's say what other criteria other
than the fact that it's a matching
identifier and let's say matching service
and data category, right?
And date range would need to match for us
to copy it over.
I don't think we would want to copy
between different countries because that
could potentially move the data.
So I would say it would have to be in the
same country and then anything beyond
that.
OK.
Um.
I'd want to check with legal if we can
just go ahead and automate because I I
love the idea of of being able to
automate it.
But there are scenarios where we wouldn't
do that,
like if it's a preservation extension or
because if it's a preservation extension,
Mm.
then there's no importing that has to be
done.
We just have to change the dates on the
original and off you go.
Um.
Yeah, I I could be and I I yes,
is the ultimate answer,
but I think we're gonna have to talk
about the nuances of of how it gets done
and when.
OK, perfect. Thanks, Tracy.
I'll make sure that we cover that as a
Yeah.
question to the policy team then.
Are there any other copy scenarios that I
should be aware of other than the
preservations into new cases?
I don't think so.
No,
the only other thing we copy is if we run
exchange data in the compliance portal,
when that data returns,
we have to open up that storage container,
then we open up first collection point
storage container and we have to copy
from one into another.
If that could be automated,
it'd be helpful.
Yeah.
So same question to you, Shane.
Is there any like things we should be
checking for before it automatically
copies?
Not on that one,
and correct me if I'm wrong, anyone.
OK.
And the reason for that is that we have
initiated that job based off that legal
demand to pull this particular set of
information.
It's just the way that the system is
built that will deposit into a.
Azure Storage container and then we just
have to open up our Azure Storage
container for the collection point and
then move it from one to the other.
Got it. OK.
I I believe we've captured this scenario
in the new DARS.
So like when you start a job to be
collected for a service,
we're going to make sure that it deliver,
it goes into its own unique.
I guess service folder for you now.
So like if you start an Exchange job,
Mm.
it'll go into the Exchange folder.
If you start a Xbox job,
it'll go to the Xbox folder and et cetera,
et cetera.
So I believe we're capturing this right
now,
but of course the devil's in the details,
so we'll definitely check as we get into.
OIT for you all.
OK.
The only other things I can think of in
terms of reporting is that the policy
team met in Dublin last month and they
mentioned a couple of things and that we
can't currently do without having to
manually do reports and then work off of.
Very simple filters is that they want to
know like how can they easily identify.
What's an intelligence agency versus a
law enforcement agent?
Meaning like what's a what's the police
versus what's an intelligence agency.
Uh, OK.
So if if we could have that field in
Daris that the user would select,
the response special could select.
Which it is.
That means then we could easily do a
report. Wimmer has all these requirements.
They mentioned they were going to send
these to you as well. Um, um,
one thing that that Dave mentioned when
he was here is that he wants to know.
Currently we track everything as a
summons dash subpoena in the US if it's a
subpoena.
What Ryan wants to be able to do is how
many subpoenas or how many summonses are
we getting from India because subpoena
and summonses are one field.
And selected we we can't.
We'd have to just do a couple of
different reportings to get to that.
But to make it more accurate is if we
have a drop down, say summons, subpoena,
grand jury, subpoena, administrative.
And that will allow us to then build a
view to say how many subpoenas are grand
jury,
how many subpoenas are administrative,
how many summons are we getting?
How many requests are we getting from
intelligence agencies?
How many requests are we getting from
local LE?
Another thing that when we select the
agency in CRM is that because it's added
by a person,
you could have multiple different
variations of the same agency.
So if we look at the Metropolitan Police
in London.
There could be London Met,
there could be Metropolitan Police London,
Metropolitan Police UK,
Metropolitan Police, London Met,
and they're all this.
It's the same agency.
So if we could have to be able to just
have the agency once.
Got it. OK. Yeah,
I think we're going to try.
There is an effort on the way right now
where they're we're trying to kind of
remove those dedupes or of of an agency
just because someone typed it one way and
another person typed it another way.
Same for the contacts too. LE contacts,
right?
Hm.
Because like there could be duplicates of
LE contacts along with the agency listing,
Yeah.
I guess I'll call it entity.
And then I do want to confirm again to
the idea of.
Of an agency, almost like a type, right?
Like whether it's an intelligence agency
versus a like local police agency,
is there any other types of agencies that
we're looking to be able to be able to
provide reporting on?
Most likely.
I put some notes in the chat that
Um.
basically we need to have a conversation
about request types because there's a lot
Yeah.
of things that need to be updated with
that.
Yeah, yeah.
We need to talk about agency fields and
what's available and how do we streamline
and get rid of the chat that we're not
using.
Along those same conversations,
we need to be able to add enterprise
domains in here that we not necessarily
have gotten a request on because they
Mhm.
have special language.
The attorneys need to know that it has to
be flagged immediately.
So there's a lot of new stuff that we
still need.
To build that we can then report on.
Yeah.
So I'll I'll just kind of drop it there.
But yeah,
there's a it just goes back to my
previous comment. If we're tracking it,
I want to be able to pull a report on it.
Yeah, makes sense. Yeah, yeah.
Is domain included as part of an
enterprise assessment right now?
Yep.
Yeah,
an enterprise assessment needs to be done
on all enterprise requests, right?
Correct.
What I'm talking about is adding things
Yeah.
that haven't had requests come in for
them yet.
Oh, I see. Got it. Oh, like, like.
Because there are domains. Yeah,
there's domains out there that have
special language,
and the attorneys need to know that if we
get a request for it,
that that special language is in there.
And so they can do a special and there
may even be flags for response specialist.
Hey,
this one's been flagged escalate even
faster than you would.
So there's things like that that we need
to get into the system somehow so that
the attorneys don't have to go look in
this other external system every time we
get a enterprise.
OK, yeah,
it's sort of like that V 100 list or
Yeah.
whatever list.
Like you we need to be able to start like
storing that information natively into
DARS, right? Got it. OK, makes sense.
Yep.
All right, so at the last five minutes,
I know we didn't even touch the Power BI,
so that's actually where I.
I would like to start our next session,
if that makes sense for everyone,
is to go into the Power BI and show me
all the reports and how you use those
reports and essentially I will walk
through it similar to how we did today,
right?
Like just really understanding the why
behind all these views and reports and.
The intent of the like,
essentially the goal that you're trying
to achieve by being able to see the
information that you have here.
And if you want to have a separate one
for regulatory and transparency reporting,
Yes, yes, OK.
just include me and Shane.
That way we can because the the
requirements are completely different in
a lot of ways as to the operational
OK.
Got it. OK, perfect.
metrics.
So I don't want to distract from what OPS
needs.
Makes sense. Great. Is there?
I know it's hard because of the time
zones,
but is there another day this week that
folks would be available at the around
the same time?
If not,
I can try to just search for something
that overlaps.
If you, um, look right now, actually,
let's see.
Um, time suggestions?
Got.
Um, maybe tomorrow at 7? Does that work?
Um, I just.
Yeah.
Oh,
just when I see you have something
Yeah, it's good to me.
already there though.
Yeah, tomorrow's probably not the best.
Um.
Maybe Thursday or Friday at 7:00.
OK, does Thursday work for most?
Yep.
Yeah, sounds good.
All right. OK. All right.
So I will see you all again on Thursday.
We'll start hacking through that Power BI.
And again, like I said,
I really appreciate your feedback here
today.
Please don't hold back if there's
something that's super frustrating and
hard.
And also you were an idea that you have
where it could be better.
Please speak up too, right?
This is your opportunity to,
I'll call it a vent.
Sounds good. Thanks, Lisa.
Thanks, Lisa. Thank you, Lisa.
Yeah, thank you everyone. All right,
take care. Bye.
Thank you very much.
Bye.
Have a great day. Bye.
All right.